Time to implement are alternative background the first step is to add it here in our theme folder in
the variables file.
We have our normal background.
Let's now add the alternative quote background.
This would be a fitting name I think.
And I already created a hex code.
You may use its f 9 b c too.
So this is all light yellow color and I want to use this old background when ever we will have this
option turned on in our settings.
So let's go to our favorites right now here.
We're assigning quote background as to color.
Now nothing wrong with that but I want to change this if we actually do have to do all background turned
on now in order to change this.
I somehow need to pass a different name here depending on whether it's switched on or not.
So I'll implement a helper method here in the typed file a claim and get background.
And here I want to access my setting service.
So let's check this setting service your settings service of typesetting service of course like this.
Make sure to add the import at the top.
And with that added In get background what I want to do is I simply want to return this setting service.
It's all background.
If this is the case I'm using a turn their expression here.
I want to return old quote background as a string.
Otherwise I would just return quote background.
Now this is one way of doing this.
We can now go to our favorites team a file set up color of wire property binding like this and now not
no longer pass a string but instead pass the result of our Get background method here like this.
And if we now save doesn't have a look at this running application we should see that by default it
has the normal background.
Here we add a new quote like this looks like the normal greenish background.
Now I go to settings and switches on and go back you see that golden or yellow like background.
So this is working great but I also want to show you an alternative because it's something important
to all to learn about how you may use your colors.
There's nothing wrong with this approach but you can also choose another approach.
You could also create a special class here in the s.c.s as file and name it all out and in there you're
setting the background color.
And now I'm using a helper method on a gift.
It's called Color.
Here we specify the variable will which holds our color.
That's the color is variable.
Remember that's this very well you could reference any variable here if you have a number variable holding
a color that would be fine too.
But here that's a colorist variable.
And we're not done yet.
This color Meffert.
And again this is only available because we're using s.c.s SCEA it's a helper method created by the
ionic team discolors Mikko's method takes another argument.
And here we have to identify the color.
So Allt quote background for example.
So this is the string we're using in those colors map here all quote background.
So with that I'm now fetching this color dynamically from my variable's file and when the SAS code gets
compiled to real C S S This of course will be replaced with the actual hex code.
So now I treat this all class so we could also say that instead of using this approach here we're leaving
it at the default of using quote background with just a color.
And instead I'm adding the energy class directive and here I'm passing an object and I add the alt class.
If we have you all back Bronzeville adding another class or another method excuse me is all background.
Let's implement this method too.
And here I simply return this setting servers is all background.
Now if you say this you should see the same result as before.
Now differently or achieve differently with Angi class and so on.
Let me favorite this.
See the green background.
Go to settings switch it on CD yellow one.
Switch it off see the green one again.
Probably yes.
So now we have a different approach.
Both approaches work fine.
There is no clear winner whatever you prefer.
The second one uses C-s asked to do this and to assign a special class you can of course always use
Engy style.
There is no limit to your imagination how you can do this.
These are two approaches.
And with that we get a finished application.
Let's take a closer look in the next lecture.